[Music]
hello and welcome to another episode of
movie spoiler alerts today we're talking
about the 1999 animated comedy-drama
film Toy Story 2 so let's get started
while Andy prepares to go to cowboy camp
with woody he accidentally tears Woody's
arm causing woody to be left behind
the next day what he finds a Weezy who
has been shelf for months due to a
broken squeaker Andy's mother puts Weezy
and a yard sale but woody rescues him
only to be stolen by a greedy toy
collector who takes him to his apartment
Buzz Lightyear and the rest of Andy's
toys identify the thief from a
commercial to BL buzz ham mr. Potato
Head slinky dog and Rex set out to
rescue woody at Al's apartment what he
learns that he's based off of a 1950s
television show called Woody's roundup
and that along with Jesse bullseye and
stinky Pete he is set to be sold to a
toy Museum in Tokyo while the others are
excited about going what he intends to
return home to Andy stinky Pete explains
that the museum is only interested in
the collection if it is complete and
without woody they would be returned to
storage when Woody's arm is torn off
completely
woody attempts to retrieve it and escape
but his caught WA nails television set
turns on he blames Jesse when he finds
the TV remote in front of her the next
morning Woody's arm is fixed he learns
that Jesse once belonged to a girl who
eventually gave her away stinky Pete
warns him the same fate awaits him
whereas he will last forever in the
museum what he decides to stay meanwhile
buzz and the other toys reach Al's Toy
Barn while searching for woody buzzes
imprisoned by utility belt buzz who
believes that buzz of rogue Space Ranger
he joins the other toys who mistake him
for Andy's buzz after discovering Elle's
plan they go to his apartment while
Andy's buzz escapes and pursues them
accidentally freeing at Zurg toy who
follows with the intent of destroying
him after the toys fine woody buzz
rejoins them but what he refuses to go
home buzz reminds woody that a toys true
purpose is to be played with which he
could never experience any museum would
he changes his mind
and asked the roundup to come home with
him and Andy's toys stinky Pete stops
them revealing he was responsible for
foiling Woody's escape attempt and
framed Jesse for it
Elle returns takes the gang and leaves
for the airport Andy's toy pursue al but
are caught by Zurg who battles utility
belt buzz and reveals himself as buzzes
father Rex
inadvertently knocks arrghh off the
elevator and utility belt buzz chooses
to remain behind with Zurg accompanied
by three toy aliens Andy's toys steal a
Pizza Planet delivery truck and foul ale
to the airport where they use a pet
carrier to sneak in to find al suitcase
stinky Pete rips at Woody's arm during a
struggle but Andy's toys stuff him into
a little girls backpack they free
bullseye and have to chase down Jesse
the toys return home in a stolen baggage
carrier when Andy returns from camp he
accepts Jesse bullseye and the aliens as
his new toys then repairs what he's torn
arm Elle's business has suffered due to
him failing to sell the roundup gang and
wheezy squeaker has been fixed what he
tells buzz that he is no longer worried
about Andy outgrowing him because when
he eventually does they will still have
each other for company so that was a
spoiler for Toy Story 2 if you have a
film you'd like to see a spoil let us
know in the comments below check out
movie's spoiler alerts on Instagram and
remember to Like and subscribe thanks
for watching
[Music]